[Music]
What's up friends, how are you? Pay attention
because I'm bringing you a beastly exclusive, it hasn't
been a very, very, very
cool exclusive. We have what
the judge in
charge of the moon operation or the deluxe case has asked for in the car in recent days.
Call it whatever you want, but this
scandal in which police
chiefs are involved should be a boss of the
television factory, many celebrities who have been
investigated and gossiped about in a
completely illicit and regrettable way. This
scandal, as I told you, should be
opening all the news every
day full of press releases,
but for some reason and interests of those
involved, it is not being done and
you will only be informed
here of what is happening. It is very
important that you subscribe to the channel
because I am going to bring you all the
news and they are very beastly, okay, it is very
important that you press the bell
so that the notifications arrive every
time I upload a video, pay attention because this is
the judge and in fact you are finding out
almost at the same time as the
protagonists themselves. The judge has continued with
the cause
and keeps
Oscar Cornejo and Adrian Madrid as investigated or accused after
their statements they keep them as
investigated because it is a
tremendous stick because they believe that they were
only going to appear there as
legal entities of the
television factory but no no they have not investigated them
they are as investigated in the case
the judge leaves out people like Terelu
okay at 3 he removes her absolutely
completely from the case I say this because there are
many people in many media outlets
who were putting
Terelu as accused or investigated
and it is not worth having her left out because
well because it would have nothing to do with
the matter because they have been able to verify
that the leaks that have been made and
the things that have been published have
absolutely nothing to do with Terelu and they do
not coincide in dates on occasions in which she has
met with
him
dates that are registered from when they have been
requested and when the
police database has been quoted okay
then it would have absolutely nothing to do with it
and Terelu is left out also
the request to
call the collaborators of has been withdrawn  save me
okay this wasn't as investigated or
as involved or anything on the subject they were going
to call them to simply testify. The
truth is I find it absurd that they would have
testified because even if they are
under oath and all that, you know that
witnesses, witnesses for me in a case
are witnesses that should be provided by
the defense or the party that reports
but witnesses that have something to
contribute, I told you a testimony
witnesses that have recordings
conversations lopez is any evidence
documents reports but simply a
testimonial you
almost always have to keep in mind
that if you have nothing to contribute about these
people if you are going to testify wiping
the bosses' asses a little bit no then it's
not very necessary for him to
testify but well it was being
requested that
maria patiño or rafa mora testify I don't know what but
no they are not asking them to testify and I'm telling
you it has to be made very clear above
all that having the usa out because I've
seen several headlines out there that
my goodness they present it as if it were
completely implicated and at the
moment the news is that they are still
investigating gustavo okay they are
asking for everything  What has been related
to the payments that I may have received,
everything is valid, yes,
and well,
as investigators Oscar Cornejo and
Adrian Madrid are in fact summoned
for June 13th,
the judge of Plaza Castilla,
how gross, sincerely, what a shame it is, I
really do
n't know what I really expected, I really don't know what I
expected, I don't
know if they think they are
fed up with the law, I think they do think
that it is above the law and that in the
end they earn so many millions that everything is
settled with money and here it is,
use the expression, but they are quite
screwed, they are quite screwed, I do
n't know if I should tell you a little about the people
who have appeared in the case because
in the end there are few,
some have already said it in the media,
if there are well-known people, you have Aida, Aida
Nizar, of course, Chayo's husband, you
also have of course Omar
Montes, and some are more surprised, but I do
n't know if I can tell you, so there are
businessmen, there are famous people, Carrasquilla
filed that they have appeared, they have
appeared in the case, they are already like
part of the cross, actions, more
surprised because the truth, seeing the
position that he has,
but  He has not introduced us to people who are
in the case against the television factory
and some important businessman who rubs
shoulders with a lot of celebrities and so on but
anyway I will give you I will give you more and
more information and more news as
the days go by I will find out
if I can show you more things that I have
because I have I have beastly things okay
what happens is you know that I am very
cautious and well I go asking what I
can I cannot show but we are going to
stick a very hard blow
for Oscar and Adrià who as I told you
they seemed very calm because they
simply believed that they thought of themselves
as owners of the
television factory but that the legal entity was
the television factory the sentence for the
television factory would be settled
compactly and this
this is complicated okay not to mention
already well Gustavo de Quique de the
policeman the two policemen okay because there are
two policemen always talk about one
but there are two there is one that has already been
super 8 that the one that talks to us about
everywhere that he is this
man wait for you to see the name that is
Forget Angel Jesus, okay, let's
go to the media. I'm
not going to give the other name because,
well,
I'll leave it for the next video.
Okay, but they have things complicated and they already
have things quite complicated.
Well, I'll
tell you, I'll tell you in the next videos,
okay, but what Gustavo Calleja,
the two police officers and some others don't have them
complicated, there are the causes, family, what do
you think about this scandal? Don't
forget that here you'll find out
beforehand that I have a place for all these
exclusives or more. A huge hug and I'll
see you in the next video.
[Music]